He slowly poured the drink over a large chunk of ice he has especially chiseled off a larger block. He didn  t particularly like his drinks cold, but he knew that the drama of chiseling the ice and then pouring a drink over it looked far more impressive than how he actually liked it. It was all about image and he  d managed to perfect the image that he wanted to project.
Here  s the thing. She doesn  t have anything to prove, but she is going to anyway. That  s just her character. She knows she doesn  t have to, but she still will just to show you that she can. Doubt her more and she  ll prove she can again. We all already know this and you will too.
It was a scrape that he hardly noticed. Sure, there was a bit of blood but it was minor compared to most of the other cuts and bruises he acquired on his adventures. There was no way he could know that the rock that produced the cut had alien genetic material on it that was now racing through his bloodstream. He felt perfectly normal and continued his adventure with no knowledge of what was about to happen to him.
The song came from the bathroom belting over the sound of the shower  s running water. It was the same way each day began since he could remember. It listened intently and concluded that the singing today was as terrible as it had ever been.
Rhonda prided herself on always taking the path less traveled. She  d decided to do this at an early age and had continued to do so throughout her entire life. It was a point of pride and she would explain to anyone who would listen that doing so was something that she  d made great efforts to always do. She  d never questioned this decision until her five-year-old niece asked her,  So, is this why your life has been so difficult?  and Rhonda didn  t have an answer for her.
She never liked cleaning the sink. It was beyond her comprehension how it got so dirty so quickly. It seemed that she was forced to clean it every other day. Even when she was extra careful to keep things clean and orderly, it still ended up looking like a mess in a couple of days. What she didn  t know was there was a tiny creature living in it that didn  t like things neat.
He wondered if he should disclose the truth to his friends. It would be a risky move. Yes, the truth would make things a lot easier if they all stayed on the same page, but the truth might fracture the group leaving everything in even more of a mess than it was not telling the truth. It was time to decide which way to go.
The desert wind blew the tumbleweed in front of the car. Alex swerved to avoid the tumbleweed, but he turned the wheel a bit too strong and the car left the road and skidded onto the dirt median. He instantly slammed on the brakes and the car stopped in a cloud of dirt. When the dust cloud had settled and he could see around him again, he realized that he  d somehow crossed over into an entirely new dimension.
He heard the song coming from a distance, lightly floating over the air to his ears. Although it was soft and calming, he was wary. It seemed a little too soft and a little too calming for everything that was going on. He wanted it to be nothing more than beautiful music coming from the innocent and pure joy of singing, but in the back of his mind, he knew it was likely some type of trap.
The alarm went off and Jake rose awake. Rising early had become a daily ritual, one that he could not fully explain. From the outside, it was a wonder that he was able to get up so early each morning for someone who had absolutely no plans to be productive during the entire day.
Pink ponies and purple giraffes roamed the field. Cotton candy grew from the ground as a chocolate river meandered off to the side. What looked like stones in the pasture were actually rock candy. Everything in her dream seemed to be perfect except for the fact that she had no mouth.
 It doesn  t take much to touch someone  s heart,  Daisy said with a smile on her face.  It  s often just the little things you do that can change a person  s day for the better.  Daisy truly believed this to be the way the world worked, but she didn  t understand that she was merely a robot that had been programmed to believe this.
Things aren  t going well at all with mom today. She is just a limp noodle and wants to sleep all the time. I sure hope that things get better soon.
She looked at her student wondering if she could ever get through.  You need to learn to think for yourself,  she wanted to tell him.  Your friends are holding you back and bringing you down.  But she didn  t because she knew his friends were all that he had and even if that meant a life of misery, he would never give them up.
It all started with a random letter. Several of those were joined forces to create a random word. The words decided to get together and form a random sentence. They decided not to stop there and it wasn  t long before a random paragraph had been cobbled together. The question was whether or not they could continue the momentum long enough to create a random short story.
He couldn  t move. His head throbbed and spun. He couldn  t decide if it was the flu or the drinking last night. It was probably a combination of both.
He hid under the covers hoping that nobody would notice him there. It really didn  t make much sense since it would be obvious to anyone who walked into the room there was someone hiding there, but he still held out hope. He heard footsteps coming down the hall and stop in front in front of the bedroom door. He heard the squeak of the door hinges and someone opened the bedroom door. He held his breath waiting for whoever was about to discover him, but they never did.
The blinking light caught her attention. She thought about it a bit and couldn  t remember ever noticing it before. That was strange since it was obvious the flashing light had been there for years. Now she wondered how she missed it for that amount of time and what other things in her small town she had failed to notice.
It wasn  t supposed to end that way. The plan had been meticulously thought out and practiced again and again. There was only one possible result once it had been implemented, but as they stood there the result wasn  t anything close to what it should have been. They all blankly looked at each wondering how this could have happened. In their minds, they all began to blame the other members of the group as to why they had failed.
She had been told time and time again that the most important steps were the first and the last. It was something that she carried within her in everything she did, but then he showed up and disrupted everything. He told her that she had it wrong. The first step wasn  t the most important. The last step wasn  t the most important. It was the next step that was the most important.
Many people say that life isn  t like a bed of roses. I beg to differ. I think that life is quite like a bed of roses. Just like life, a bed of roses looks pretty on the outside, but when you  re in it, you find that it is nothing but thorns and pain. I myself have been pricked quite badly.
There was little doubt that the bridge was unsafe. All one had to do was look at it to know that with certainty. Yet Bob didn  t see another option. He may have been able to work one out if he had a bit of time to think things through, but time was something he didn  t have. A choice needed to be made, and it needed to be made quickly.
Debbie put her hand into the hole, sliding her hand down as far as her arm could reach. She wiggled her fingers hoping to touch something, but all she felt was air. She shifted the weight of her body to try and reach an inch or two more down the hole. Her fingers still touched nothing but air.
Sleeping in his car was never the plan but sometimes things don  t work out as planned. This had been his life for the last three months and he was just beginning to get used to it. He didn  t actually enjoy it, but he had accepted it and come to terms with it. Or at least he thought he had. All that changed when he put the key into the ignition, turned it and the engine didn  t make a sound.
Twenty-five hours had passed since the incident. It seemed to be a lot longer than that. That twenty-five hours seemed more like a week in her mind. The fact that she still was having trouble comprehending exactly what took place wasn  t helping the matter. She thought if she could just get a little rest the entire incident might make a little more sense.
Eating raw fish didn  t sound like a good idea.  It  s a delicacy in Japan,  didn  t seem to make it any more appetizing. Raw fish is raw fish, delicacy or not.
She glanced up into the sky to watch the clouds taking shape. First, she saw a dog. Next, it was an elephant. Finally, she saw a giant umbrella and at that moment the rain began to pour.
He was after the truth. At least, that  s what he told himself. He believed it, but any rational person on the outside could see he was lying to himself. It was apparent he was really only after his own truth that he  d already decided and was after this truth because the facts didn  t line up with the truth he wanted. So he continued to tell everyone he was after the truth oblivious to the real truth sitting right in front of him.
According to the caption on the bronze marker placed by the Multnomah Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution on May 12, 1939, College Hall (is) the oldest building in continuous use for Educational purposes west of the Rocky Mountains. Here were educated men and women who have won recognition throughout the world in all the learned professions.
 So, what do you think?  he asked nervously. He wanted to know the answer, but at the same time, he didn  t. He  d put his heart and soul into the project and he wasn  t sure he  d be able to recover if they didn  t like what he produced. The silence from the others in the room seemed to last a lifetime even though it had only been a moment since he asked the question.  So, what do you think?  he asked again.
She sat down with her notebook in her hand, her mind wandering to faraway places. She paused and considered all that had happened. It hadn  t gone as expected. When the day began she thought it was going to be a bad one, but as she sat recalling the day  s events to write them down, she had to admit, it had been a rather marvelous day.
She  s asked the question so many times that she barely listened to the answers anymore. The answers were always the same. Well, not exactly the same, but the same in a general sense. A more accurate description was the answers never surprised her. So, she asked for the 10,000th time,  What  s your favorite animal?  But this time was different. When she heard the young boy  s answer, she wondered if she had heard him correctly.
He took a sip of the drink. He wasn  t sure whether he liked it or not, but at this moment it didn  t matter. She had made it especially for him so he would have forced it down even if he had absolutely hated it. That  s simply the way things worked. She made him a new-fangled drink each day and he took a sip of it and smiled, saying it was excellent.
As she sat watching the world go by, something caught her eye. It wasn  t so much its color or shape, but the way it was moving. She squinted to see if she could better understand what it was and where it was going, but it didn  t help. As she continued to stare into the distance, she didn  t understand why this uneasiness was building inside her body. She felt like she should get up and run. If only she could make out what it was. At that moment, she comprehended what it was and where it was heading, and she knew her life would never be the same.
The paper was blank. It shouldn  t have been. There should have been writing on the paper, at least a paragraph if not more. The fact that the writing wasn  t there was frustrating. Actually, it was even more than frustrating. It was downright distressing.
They rushed out the door, grabbing anything and everything they could think of they might need. There was no time to double-check to make sure they weren  t leaving something important behind. Everything was thrown into the car and they sped off. Thirty minutes later they were safe and that was when it dawned on them that they had forgotten the most important thing of all.
There were two things that were important to Tracey. The first was her dog. Anyone that had ever met Tracey knew how much she loved her dog. Most would say that she treated it as her child. The dog went everywhere with her and it had been her best friend for the past five years. The second thing that was important to Tracey, however, would be a lot more surprising to most people.
The red line moved across the page. With each millimeter it advanced forward, something changed in the room. The actual change taking place was difficult to perceive, but the change was real. The red line continued relentlessly across the page and the room would never be the same.
She put the pen to paper but she couldn  t bring herself to actually write anything. She just stared at the blank card and wondered what words she could write that would help in even a small way. She thought of a dozen ways to begin but none seemed to do justice to the situation. There were no words that could help and she knew it.
To the two friends, the treehouse was much more than a treehouse. It was a sanctuary away from the other kids where they could be themselves without being teased or bullied. It was their secret fortress hidden high in the branches of a huge oak that only they knew existed. At least that is what they thought. They were more than a little annoyed when their two younger sisters decided to turn the treehouse into a princess castle by painting the inside pink and putting glitter everywhere.
The amber droplet hung from the branch, reaching fullness and ready to drop. It waited. While many of the other droplets were satisfied to form as big as they could and release, this droplet had other plans. It wanted to be part of history. It wanted to be remembered long after all the other droplets had dissolved into history. So it waited for the perfect specimen to fly by to trap and capture that it hoped would eventually be discovered hundreds of years in the future.
The bridge spanning a 100-foot gully stood in front of him as the last obstacle blocking him from reaching his destination. While people may have called it a  bridge , the reality was it was nothing more than splintered wooden planks held together by rotting ropes. It was questionable whether it would hold the weight of a child, let alone the weight of a grown man. The problem was there was no other way across the gully, and this played into his calculations of whether or not it was worth the risk of trying to cross it.
It probably seemed trivial to most people, but it mattered to Tracey. She wasn  t sure why it mattered so much to her, but she understood deep within her being that it mattered to her. So for the 365th day in a row, Tracey sat down to eat pancakes for breakfast.
He walked down the steps from the train station in a bit of a hurry knowing the secrets in the briefcase must be secured as quickly as possible. Bounding down the steps, he heard something behind him and quickly turned in a panic. There was nobody there but a pair of old worn-out shoes were placed neatly on the steps he had just come down. Had he past them without seeing them? It didn  t seem possible. He was about to turn and be on his way when a deep chill filled his body.
Hopes and dreams were dashed that day. It should have been expected, but it still came as a shock. The warning signs had been ignored in favor of the possibility, however remote, that it could actually happen. That possibility had grown from hope to an undeniable belief it must be destiny. That was until it wasn  t and the hopes and dreams came crashing down.
Twenty-five years Dana had been waiting. She tried to be patient during that time but she hadn  t always managed to be as patient as she  d like. But today the opportunity had finally come. The thing she always imagined would make her the happiest person in the world was about to happen. She didn  t know why at this specific time she all of a sudden felt sick inside.
Love isn  t always a ray of sunshine. That  s what the older girls kept telling her when she said she had found the perfect man. She had thought this was simply bitter talk on their part since they had been unable to find true love like hers. But now she had to face the fact that they may have been right. Love may not always be a ray of sunshine. That is unless they were referring to how the sun can burn.
Debbie knew she was being selfish and unreasonable. She understood why the others in the room were angry and frustrated with her and the way she was acting. In her eyes, it didn  t really matter how they felt because she simply didn  t care.
Do you think you  re living an ordinary life? You are so mistaken it  s difficult to even explain. The mere fact that you exist makes you extraordinary. The odds of you existing are less than winning the lottery, but here you are. Are you going to let this extraordinary opportunity pass?
There were little things that she simply could not stand. The sound of someone tapping their nails on the table. A person chewing with their mouth open. Another human imposing themselves into her space. She couldn  t stand any of these things, but none of them compared to the number one thing she couldn  t stand which topped all of them combined.